#Kinds of report elements

There are exactly six kinds of report elements:

- *Concept* A fact is always reported against a concept, that describes *what* it is. For example, in a Balance Sheet, you will find concepts such as Assets, Current Assets, Liabilities, and so on. In a fancy spreadsheet display, each of these concepts is very often displayed on its own row.
- *Abstract* These are virtual concepts, i.e., no facts are reported against them. However, they are useful to organize concepts in hierarchies. For example, a Current Assets Abstract can be used as a parent of Concepts such as Cash And Deposits, of Securities and of Finished Goods. Abstracts can also be parents of further Abstracts. In a fancy spreadsheet display, each Abstract is displayed on its own row, right before its children Abstracts and Concepts but with no values on that same row.
- *LineItems* This is the top-level Report Element in a hierarchy of Abstracts and Concepts. No fact is reported against it and it is often named after the component itself. Most of the time, there is exactly one LineItems report element for each component.
- *Hypercube* A component typically contains dimensional data. For example, if a component reports sales, there will be a table with many dimensions such as the year, the region, etc. Such a table is called a hypercube. Most of the time, there is exactly one hypercube for each component.
- *Dimension* Several facts can be reported for the same Concept, but in different contexts. Dimensions help organize this. For example, a dimension can be used to delimit a region of the world to which the fact applies, or to specify the time at which this fact applies. Some dimensions are commonly found, such as the Period, the Entity that reports the fact (often the same that submits the archive), the Unit. In the Japanese or SEC profile, there are also extra dimension such as Fiscal Year, Fiscal Period, Submission Date, etc.
- *Member* A member is a dimension value. For example, members of a dimension named Country can be USA, Japan, Germany, etc. Members can be organized in hierarchies as well: America, parent of North America, itself a parent of USA.
